Business model: Revenue streams and expected operating costs (#6)
ProximaEPFL/prd: template/11-monetization.md

# Business Model

## Revenue Streams

> Our business model for Proxima is mainly based on advertising for businesses of any sizes. Our main value proposition is providing localized-based content, allowing businesses of any size to reach their targeted audience. This enables a campaign of any size based on the live location of the user, offering from worldwide coverage to precise targeting down to districts or even neighborhoods for centralized actions. This can be viewed as a digital version of local billboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our business model for Proxima is mainly based on advertising for businesses of any sizes. Our main value proposition is providing localized-based content, allowing businesses of any size to reach their targeted audience. This enables campaigns of any size based on the live location of the user, ranging from worldwide coverage to precise targeting down to districts or even neighborhoods. This can be viewed as a digital version of local billboards.
```

Author: Thank you ! Added in: [bd7d338](https://github.com/ProximaEPFL/prd/pull/6/commits/bd7d338d80e0c4c4e4e2bc99aed20ca5e50cb658)

> Our localized based content is also able to provide event organizers (such as festival organizers) time-limited event experiences for users within certain predefined areas. This is aimed to be beneficial to the three parties interacting. Our value proposition is to provide participant retention and event discovery through our heat map. We can engage the participants through challenges, point-earning and enlarged post reach during the event. This fosters application discovery and user loyalty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our location based content is also able to provide event organizers (such as festival organizers) time-limited event experiences for users within certain predefined areas. This is aimed to be beneficial to the three parties interacting. Our value proposition is to provide participant retention and event discovery through our heat map. We can engage the participants through challenges, point-earning and enlarged post reach during the event. This fosters application discovery and user loyalty.
```

Author: Thank you ! 
Fixed in: [a450dcf](https://github.com/ProximaEPFL/prd/pull/6/commits/a450dcfd0e2a7c455a45da2072db2395d93fde0b)

Proxima's business model is based on the density of users interacting in specific areas. We have to scale it according to how our user base grows in each region. We plan to launch at EPFL, and expand to new places, progressively allowing close monitoring and implementation of this business model.

> 

Reviewer: I don't understand the end of the last sentence.

Author: You are right ! I removed the end of the sentence as it repeat myself.

Fixed in: [7ef65a7](https://github.com/ProximaEPFL/prd/pull/6/commits/7ef65a783731ed5737bc147ed9c74f5b5c60cde4)

## Expected operating Costs

At launch, Proxima's marking costs will be our primary expenses, as we depend on users' density within the launch area to grow.

> Once Proxima starts expanding, we expect marketing cost to grow with it to help kick start user acquision within new area. This grow will be accompanied with operational costs, providing customer and user support, and getting in line with local laws. We also project advertiser acquisition to take up a considerable part of our operating costs to increase our revenue streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Proxima starts expanding, we expect marketing cost to grow with it to help kick start user acquision within new areas. This growth will be accompanied with more operational costs, providing customer and user support, and getting in line with local laws. We also project advertiser acquisition to take up a considerable part of our operating costs to increase our revenue streams.
```

Author: Thank you ! Fixed in: [832b24e](https://github.com/ProximaEPFL/prd/pull/6/commits/832b24ebd009e02d2ab4815159b72894790952e1)

> As for other social media, infrastructure costs such as hosting, bandwidth, and storage of user interactions and posts make up a significant part of our operating costs. However, our model offers significant advantages, allowing the storage of posts near their physical presence and reducing the cost of it. We believe that development, along with research and development, will take a moderate part of our expensive to keep our application relevant and increase user engagement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like other social media, infrastructure costs such as hosting, bandwidth, and storage of user interactions and posts make up a significant part of our operating costs. However, our model offers significant advantages, allowing the storage of posts near their physical presence and reducing the cost of it. We believe that development, along with research and development, will take a moderate part of our expenses to keep our application relevant and increase user engagement.
```

Author: Thank you ! Fixed in: [832b24e](https://github.com/ProximaEPFL/prd/pull/6/commits/832b24ebd009e02d2ab4815159b72894790952e1)

## Expected operating Costs

At launch, Proxima's marketing costs will be our primary expenses, as we depend on users' density within the launch area to grow.

Once Proxima starts expanding, as for every social media the infrastructure costs such as hosting, bandwidth, and storage of user interactions and posts make up a significant part of our operating costs. However, our model offers significant advantages, allowing the storage of posts near their physical presence and reducing the cost of it. 

We project marketing costs to grow with our expansion to help kick-start user acquisition in new areas. This growth will be accompanied by more operational costs, providing customer and user support, getting in line with local laws, and doing advertiser acquisition.

To keep our application running and increase user engagement, we believe that development, along with research and development, will take a small part of our expenses compared to the two previously cited ones.

> So if we launch at EPFL. With 10,000 active users, using extensively all the features available. Self-hosting OpenStreeMap is necessary, considering the use of the map for posts, challenges and the heatmap. We estimate a cost of 200 CHF / month for server hosting. Moreover, we estimate the cost of fetching posts from Firebase, assuming 250 posts read per user per day, at 150 CHF / month.

Author: Thank you 💯 

Fixed in: [8f6b237](https://github.com/ProximaEPFL/prd/pull/6/commits/8f6b2377f2c2f1bc2bac21584c7484ff5863f429)
